Although there are a ton of trees as you saw and we even talked about a lot of trees the way they worked
though beyond some small logic such as the differences you saw in binary search trees in binary heaps
and priority queues.
As long as you understand how to build one from scratch like we did the small variations are fairly
easy to pick up so that now you have the ability to construct other trees as needed.
Remember that Wikipedia page with a ton of tree data structures they shouldn't look as intimidating
to you anymore.
At the end of the day they're just tree structures with a few different rules apply to them.
Something that you should easily be able to do with a bit of research.
Now.